Development of TALYS since release of TALYS-1.9

- December 21, 2017

********** Release of TALYS-1.9 **********

- January 30, 2018

Imported new PSF D1M + QRPA M1 datatables in structure directory. 
Adopted two keywords, 'upbend' to enable or disable the low-energy upbend formula 
of the PSF (default n) by Stephane Goriely. Also introduced the 'upbendf' parameter for 
this formula.
The upbendc, upbende and upbendf parameters now have a default, which are likely
to change in the near future.

- February 2, 2018

Removed a few redundant quantities from massdis.f and ffevap.f, like pre-neutron nubar
(which is nonsense)

- February 13, 2018

Corrected an error found by Stephane Goriely. Due to a trim() error in  densitytable.f
tables for elements with only one symbol, like U, are not read for ldmodel 4, 5 and 6.
Corrected that. I expect more comments about this one!

- March 14, 2018

Solved a few errors in medical isotope production, found by Jiri Ulrich.
The Tcool keyword was not working properly. Solved that in input5.f
Also some suggestions on time steps and the use of natural targets were adopted.

- April 13, 2018

Error found by Dimitri Rochman, the combination expmass n, massmodel 0 did not work. 
Solved in masses.f

- July 6, 2018

Expanded the output for decay from each continuum and discrete bin. If outpopulation y,
which is automatically enabled when outbasic y, then an extra keyword can be given 'outdecay y',
which will output the precise Ex,J,pi dependent decay from each mother state in the CN decay.
This was added on the advice of Stephane Goriely to better study reactions used by the Oslo
group for the determination of PSF's.

- March 12, 2019

Added SMLO PSF tables from Stephane Goriely and Vladimir Plujko. Also changed some of the default
parameter for upbend formula for PSF. strength 9 now added for SMLO.

- March 15, 2019

Added the fission width average fission lifetime, and fission level density
to the specific output of the fission transmission coefficients.

- April 7, 2019

Corrected an error found by Stephane Goriely on the calculation of the average emission energy.
The discrete levels were not properly taken into account. This quantiy was only printed in the
basic output of TALYS (and not used for anything). Now, however, when 'outspectra y', files like
Eaverage.n will be created containing the average emission energy per particle.

- April 9, 2019

With 'filedensity y' TALYS now also prints the level density tables exactly in the form as they
are used as input from the nuclear structure data tables, these files are called e.g. nld041093.tab.

- May 28, 2019

Solved an error in levels.f: if the isomer of a residual nucleus is above the maximum level included it is brought down 
to that maximum level. So far this was only implemented for the target nucleus, i.e. inelastic  scattering.

- June 9 2019

Added normalization of average number of neutrons to massdis.f

- June 23 2019

Solved a bug discovered by Rob Hoffman. In input5, for the gp parameter (single particle state density for protons) 
gn was read instead of gp. SInce for fitting we often use gpadjust this bug got unnoticed for years!

- June 23 2019

Added a new keyword 'psfglobal' to use only global photon strength functions and parameters. By default
'psfglobal n' meaning that the best GDR parameters, tuned PSF tables etc are used.
This keyword was especially introduced for two tables for the SMLO model, one optimized and one global,
but is applicable in general

- August 13 2019

Included fission partial damping model constructed by Guillaume Scamps and Stephane Goriely. This should bring
TALYS closer to the capabilities of EMPIRE for fission prediction. For this, the keywords, fispartdamp, 
bdamp and bdampadjust were added.
